# CompSciencePaper

The code in this repository corresponds to a paper titled 'Duplicate Detection using Model Words, LSH and Hierarchical Complete-linkage Clustering'. The paper aims to extend the research on duplicate detection methods using pre-selection, LSH and Multi-component Similarity Method, also known as MSMP+. This paper extends the research on this method by making subtle differences in i.a. the hierarchical clustering method. The MSMCP+ method proposed in this paper results in a slight decrease of 9% in the F1-measure compared to MSM whilst reducing the number of comparisons by 99%.

The code is written in a R Markdown file, which splits the code is certain so-called chunks. The first chunk sets up the R markdown file and includes a line to clear the global environment. The second chunk is reserved for loading the data. The third chunk excutes i.a. the data-cleaning part mentioned in the paper. The next chunk performs the bootstrapping by splitting the data into a test and training set. The following two chunks create the binary and signature matrix for the training and test data, respectively. Thereafter, Locality Senstive Hashing (LSH) is performed and the dissimilarity matrix is determined for both the training and test data. Ultimately, the Hierarchical Complete-Linkage Clustering method is applied on the training and test data. The second to last chunk contains a function that performs the whole algorithm five times, to obtain a consistent result. The last chunk uses this function to execute the algorithm for different values of the threshold t.
